>> Mike North: So we've parsed some
basic information about location, but
we need to do a very similar thing with
these monthly temperature records.
And I'm going to, while we're doing that,
convert to that 4 await.
It's not really a for loop, but it's a for
loop with an await inside
each turn of the loop.
Because now we're not just doing seven
things, we're doing seven times 12.
And that is surely enough
to warrant not racing
all of those writes to
a database concurrently.
So instead of this map here, we're
going to do just a standard for loop.
And this is, I believe,
already an async function.
So we're great here.
So we can say locations,
it's an array of locations
initialized to an empty array.
Const declaration is fine.
We're not reassigning this
array to a different array,
although we will be filling it.
We can just at the bottom return
locations because we're going to handle
the asynchrony differently
within the function.
And just to give us a little bit of focus
here, and here's how we'll change things.
>> Mike North: An old school for loop and
we're going to do the exact same thing
in here that we were doing before.
There's my locRepo.
Let's see, we need a locData.
>> Mike North: There's my locData, and
there's no return in each turn of the for
loop.
But
>> Mike North: If we do this the way
we've restructured this.
Sorry, let.
>> Speaker 2: Let, yeah.
>> Mike North: We could totally do a for
of loop, but
I like the logging opportunities
of having that index in there.
So instead of quickly mapping over
everything that we find in the file and
then waiting for all those promises in
parallel to resolve, we're waiting for
each save operation to resolve.
Only then when that's resolved
do we push it into the array.
We should end up with a solution
that works equally well here.
I mean, we're sort of serializing
all of those location
persistences, but it's like microseconds.
It's fine.
What this lets us do is after
we create the location,
we can start to do other things
like create a monthly temperature.
And to do that we'll need the other
repo monthly temperature range,
again being careful to choose the entity,
not just the type of empty repo.
So just like the same deal here,
this is just another instance of that repo
class that deals in these
monthly temperature ranges.
We're going to do a very similar
thing like what we did here,
mtrepo.create and here are my params and
then we'll fill those in and
then ultimately we're going to do this.
>> Mike North: Right.
So this is the monthly temperature and
we'll see if we even need to
go beyond that, whether we're
just sort of awaiting this or
whether we'll end up using that variable.
At the very least we could log it out for
now and then delete that.
But it's our time to
perform this association.
So the first thing is location.
So that's great,
we've got that relationship wired up.
Now what are the other things we need?
We need a month, a min and a max.
So let's worry about the month.
Now we're going to have to do this
inside a loop because each location has
multiple pieces of temperature data,
one for each month.
>> Mike North: We'll call it month data.
>> Mike North: We'll do a for
await loop here to make ESLint happy.
LocData monthly temperatures, here we go.
Wrap the whole thing in a loop, boom.
Okay, now what should the month be?
We could just do this, but
we're going to do that.
Keep it consistent with
the date object and then min.
So what do we want from min?
We've got a value and
we've got a unit and unit can be C or F.
It's not type checking against it yet,
but it will.
There you go.
So yeah,
we could say it's a deep partial of this.
That's what it's type checking against.
So you really wanna see that
type checking come through.
You can use the satisfies keyword and
even without this now you should see.
>> Mike North: This is
just ESLINT being touchy.
We'll just keep going here.
This is going to be
monthdata.temperaturerange.min and
we can see the tuples coming through here.
We've got number and a C or an F.
So we can pull this apart up here,
something like this.
>> Mike North: Min value min unit,
max value,
max unit and wire it up
>> Mike North: And
basically the same thing for max.
>> Mike North: Let's see.
What am I doing wrong?
Interesting.
Did we forget a piece a bit
of our type information?
We did.
There's the min, we need a max too.
>> Speaker 3: While you're on this,
is it possible to pull in the type for
the temperature range unit and
then make a Zod object out of that type?
>> Mike North: You absolutely.
>> Speaker 3: Could in the future.
>> Mike North: In fact,
that's why we do this.
We could say we could even
pull in the whole temperature
schema given our data file, sort of.
No we couldn't because of
the tuple representation
temperature unit schema we could use for
that.
So here's how that would work.
It's just for this union type piece.
>> Mike North: There you go.
Using little chunks of Zod schema.
Absolutely, we're aligning with the same
C and F because that's a common
piece between our API contract and
the way data is stored in this file.
Great, now we've got our min and our max.
Sure.
We save each locations data.
So I'm going to hit save again.
When you're in dev mode,
your server restarts.
Every time you hit save, the database
is deleted and it's recreated again.
So we should be able to see if this is
working just by looking at our SQLite
database.
Let's see if we've got table entries.
We do.
We've got our months.
There's month zero, here's a location ID,
and you can see like this key up here
indicates you can't see this tooltip very
easily, but it says it's a foreign key.
So that means if we needed to do a join on
this later, like this is an index column.
It makes traversing that relationship
between monthly temperature data and
location really, really fast.